hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about a science fiction thriller film
called predestination
be ready for some spoilers ahead we are
introduced to our main character with no
name we'll call him the agent for now he
arrives in the factory to disarm a bomb
he hears someone moving behind him and
takes out his gun
they get into a gunfight which wastes
precious time needed to disarm the bomb
he tries to contain the explosion but it
burns his face and disfigures him
horrendously another man walks towards
him
and hands him his suitcase which he then
uses to vanish
he goes through facial reconstruction
while his agency gives him the medal of
honor
informing him that the next mission will
be his last
he contemplates about the fizzle bomber
a terrorist who he never was able to
apprehend
in march 1975 he will destroy a
city and kills tens and thousands of
people
the doctor unveils his new face which he
comments that even his own mother would
not recognize
his vocal cords have also been shortened
changing his voice
after he heals completely he gets ready
for his final mission
he appears in the bar and sees another
man sit down
he pours the man a drink as the
bartender
the man's name is john and he's a writer
of women's confession stories
which our main character seems to read
the agent
questions how he can write these stories
from a woman's angle
to which john replies that he would be
shocked if he knew
why the agent bets jon a full bottle of
alcohol
if he's impressed with jon's story to
which jon
happily agrees jon starts the story by
saying when he was a little girl which
shocks the agent
but he tells jon to continue when john
was a baby
he was found on the front steps of an
orphanage
they named her jane when jane was
growing up
she felt different from the other girls
she was fascinated by
sex and how the bodies all work together
she always got into fights but she's
always
one she was much stronger than other
girls and sometimes
even the boys she was very intelligent
as well
and aced all her exams one day when she
was all grown up
she met mr robertson who enlisted her as
a candidate for the space program
she excelled in the exams and surpassed
all the girls over there
the only problem was she didn't get
along with anyone
which resulted in the fight with another
girl and got her
expelled she took on all jobs and
studying
where she met another man who she fell
in love with
he treated her with a kindness that no
one has before
but one day while sitting in the park he
tells her to wait for him
and never came back she became pregnant
with the man's child and gives birth
to a baby girl but the doctor tells her
a news
that she couldn't believe apparently she
has two
sets of functioning sexual organs male
and female
her female organs were damaged in the
birthing process
and the doctors had to remove it they
reconstructed her male
organs and she must now live on as a man
she names her baby jane as she knows
that she must change her own name
now that she's a man soon after the baby
was kidnapped
and they never found her whereabouts she
stopped looking at herself in the mirror
as she becomes someone she doesn't
recognize anymore
john tells the agent that this is the
reason why he can write his stories from
a woman's perspective
because he used to be one the agent
looks at him seriously
and asks john what would he do if he
found the
man that left him to which john replies
he would kill him in a heartbeat the
agent then reveals that he actually
knows who john
is and he also knows where that man is
as well he tells jon that he can bring
jon to that man and kill him without
getting caught
he also reveals that he's working with
mr robertson
and that he wants jon to work for him he
convinces jon to follow him
into the basement he shows jon a violent
suitcase
but in reality it's a device that
creates a temporal wake
in other words a time machine the agent
sets its destination to 1963
and walks towards john while he's still
in disbelief
the two grabs onto the device and
vanishes
they appear again in a different
location while john is hyperventilating
from the stress of time travel he
explains that he works for
the temporal bureau whose objective is
to prevent crimes from happening
they suspect that the man john wants to
kill is in fact the fizzle bomber
and this would be a test for whether if
jon can become a temporal agent
they need to keep their time disruption
small and cannot travel
more than 53 years from zero point which
is when time traveling was invented
before the agent leaves jon asks him if
this job
is lonely which the agent agrees but he
tells john that more than anything
he will have a purpose jon goes to the
school where jane will meet the man for
the first time
he bumps into her by accident and they
begin a conversation
soon he realizes what he said to jane
was exactly what the man he met before
have said to him
therefore making himself that man the
agent watches both of them from afar
as he completes his mission he
contemplates about his last chance of
stopping the fizzlebomber
and disobeying the time bureau he sets
the destination for 1970
and arrives minutes before he was
disfigured by the explosion
he finds the bomber setting up the bomb
in the factory
and tries to apprehend him they fight in
dim lights
where the agent was unable to identify
the bomber
they're evenly matched but the bomber
gets an upper hand after a long battle
and knocks the agent unconscious he gets
up and finds his prior self
burning and disfigured the agent hence
his prior self the time machine
while the man looks up and teleports
away
the agent goes to 1964 and meets mr
roberson
where he tells him that he has made an
illegal jump to try and arrest the
fizzlebomber
but failed regardless he tells robertson
that he will complete his final mission
and accept the punishment by the time
bureau the agent goes on to kidnap baby
jane from the hospital
and brings her to the orphanage in 1945
he removes her tags so that no one will
know where she came from
meanwhile zhang and jang fell in love
just like it was supposed to happen
they sit in the car while sharing a kiss
the agent caused the orphanage to let
them know of jane's arrival
then teleports back to 1963 but three
months after dropping off jon
in the past he waits for giant in the
park
as jon turns around and sees him jon
tells jane to wait for him to come back
and leaves jon points a gun at the agent
and is angry that he tricked him into
falling in love with jane
the agent explains that some things are
inevitable
and reveals who he really is to john
he takes john to the time bureau where
he'll work with robertson as a new
temporal
agent robertson doesn't punish the agent
for his infraction
but instead congratulates him for his
retirement
roberson talks about how important the
fizzle bomber is to the time bureau
even though he's a terrorist the agent
says that it almost sounds like
robertson admires the criminal
that he's supposed to capture roberson
gives an envelope of the new details for
the fizzle bomber
and the agent teleports to his last
destination
a little while before the fizzle
bomber's largest explosion
which kills tens of thousands the agent
arrives and tries to decommission his
time machine
but surprisingly an error code shows up
he tries to live in retirement even
buying a typewriter and begins writing
about confession stories
like he used to however the fizzle
bomber keeps on returning to his mind
while he looks through all the new leads
of the criminal
he is able to eventually track down the
bomber
and decides to pay him a last visit
he arrives at the laundry place and
points a gun at the terrorist
the bomber turns around and turns out to
be an older version
of the agent himself the bomber
justifies his killing by stating how
many lives he saved
because he killed the people that would
have otherwise caused more deaths
he tries to convince the agent that he
did the right thing
while the agent swears that he will
never become the bomber
the agent's older self says that
robertson was the one who set up their
paradox
and he was the one who created the
bomber on purpose
the bomber tells him that the only way
for the agent to not become him
is if he doesn't kill his older self but
that also means
more people will die as a result the
agent chooses to kill the bomber
but this also means that he will
eventually become the terrorist
since his philosophy of killing one to
save more lives
is identical to the bombers meanwhile
john prepares for his first mission and
we find out what the agent told him that
night in the park
it turns out the agent is none other
than the future version of john
who eventually becomes the fizzlebomber
so what do you guys think about this
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my videos please press
like and subscribe for more i'll see you
guys next time
you